HEY, HOW MUCH YOU GIVE ME
TO EAT THIS WHOLE JAR
OF OLIVES?
I WON'T GIVE YOU ANYTHING,
BUT YOU'LL OWE ME $2.95.
DONE.
HEY. I NEED AN ATLAS.
I NEED AN ATLAS.
WHY?
DO YOU HAVE A REPORT DUE?
I HAVE A DATE
WITH THIS DIPLOMAT I MET
WHILE I WAS GIVING FREE MASSAGES
OUTSIDE THE U.N.
AND I DON'T KNOW
WHERE HIS COUNTRY IS.
OKAY, LET'S START WITH
THE FREE MASSAGES AT THE U.N.
OH, IT'S MY NEW THING.
I FIGURE, "BODIES AT PEACE
MAKE PEACE."
WOW. YOU MIGHT JUST GET
THE FIRST NOBEL PRIZE
IN RUBBING.
SO WHAT COUNTRY
IS THIS GUY FROM?
UM, ICHNECH... TRAIAN... ISTAN.
THERE'S A "G" IN THERE.
WHERE'S THAT?
IN YOUR ATLAS.
I DON'T HAVE AN ATLAS.
OH, WELL, WAIT.
I DO HAVE A GLOBE.
SO, PHEEBS, WHAT'S
THIS GUY LIKE?
UM, WELL, HE'S VERY
DASHING, YOU KNOW?
AND, UM, VERY,
VERY SOPHISTICATED.
AND HE DOESN'T SPEAK
ANY ENGLISH
BUT ACCORDING TO HIS TRANSLATOR,
HE TOTALLY GETS ME.
OKAY, HERE YOU GO.
WHAT IS THIS?
IT'S A GLOBE...
AND A PENCIL SHARPENER.
OH.
ANYBODY NEED ANYTHING COPIED?
I'M GOING TO THE XEROX PLACE.
OH, NO THANKS.
GIVE ME ANYTHING
I CAN MAKE TWO OF.
IF YOU DON'T HAVE
ANYTHING TO COPY
WHY ARE YOU GOING
DOWN THERE?
ARE YOU JUST GOING
TO GAWK AT THAT HOT GIRL
WITH THE BELLY BUTTON RING
AGAIN?
YEAH. DO YOU WANT TO COME?
YEAH.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
COME ON, CHLOE.
FINISH UP WITH YOUR
CUSTOMER FIRST.
COME ON, CHLOE.
CAN I HELP YOU?
UH-OH.
UH, YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE'RE HAVING SECOND THOUGHTS
ABOUT OUR, UH, COPYING NEEDS
AND WE'LL NEED A LITTLE MORE
TIME TO THINK ABOUT IT.
CHLOE, SWITCH WITH ME.
THERE ARE SOME GUYS HERE
WHO GOT A CRUSH ON YOU.
OKAY, THAT HURT US.
HI. I HAVEN'T SEEN YOU
SINCE THIS MORNING.
WELL, UH...
YOU KNOW.
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING
TOMORROW NIGHT?
BOTH OF US?
MAYBE. DOES THAT SCARE YOU?
RELAX. JUST ISAAC'S
DEEJAYING AT THE PHILLY.
YOU SHOULD COME.
OH, WE'LL BE THERE.
GREAT. I'LL, UH, SEE YOU THEN.
ALL RIGHT. ROCK ON.
( speaking
foreign language )
HE SAYS THAT WALKING
WITH YOU
MAKES THIS STRANGE CITY
FEEL LIKE HOME.
OH. ME, TOO...
ALTHOUGH THIS CITY
IS MY HOME, SO...
SO THAT'S DUMB, WHAT I SAID.
DON'T TELL HIM I SAID THAT.
JUST, YOU MAKE SOMETHING UP.
( speaking
foreign language )
NICE. THANK YOU.
THIS IS ME, HERE.
UH...
( speaking
foreign language )
"YOUR EYES
ARE VERY PRETTY."
THANK YOU.
VERY MUCH.
OH, THANK YOU.
HE WOULD LIKE
TO KISS YOU.
OKAY, YOU KNOW,
YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO THAT NOW.
OH, NO, NO, NO.
NOT HIM. NO, YOU DON'T.
OH.
OKAY, WELL,
THE MOMENT'S OVER.
OH.
"OY."
SEE, THERE IT IS,
RIGHT THERE.
WOW. IT'S SMALL.
YEAH, BUT SERGEI SAID
IT TOOK THE GERMANS
SIX WEEKS
TO GET ALL THE WAY
ACROSS IT.
SO YOU HAD FUN, HUH?
YEAH. EXCEPT FOR...
YOU KNOW WHEN
YOU'RE ON A DATE
AND YOU'RE GETTING ALONG
REALLY GREAT
BUT THE GUY'S TRANSLATOR
KEEPS GETTING IN THE WAY?
NO.
HEY.
IS RACH IN HER ROOM?
OH, NO, SHE'S
STILL AT WORK
BUT SHE TOLD ME TO TELL YOU
TO CALL HER.
OH, WHAT?
SHE'S CANCELING AGAIN?
HOW CAN SHE DO THIS?
DOESN'T SHE KNOW
IT'S OUR ANNIVERSARY?
ALL RIGHT, ROSS.
THIS IS THE EXTENT
OF MY KNOWLEDGE ON THE SUBJECT.
"CALL RACHEL."
WHAT'S THAT ON THE BOTTOM?
OH, THAT'S MY DOODLE
OF A LADY BUG WITH A TOP HAT.
SHE'S FANCY.
( phone ringing )
HELLO?
Hey, honey.
OH, HI.
HI. WHAT'S GOING ON?
THERE WAS A DISASTER IN SHIPPING
AND I'VE GOT TO GET
THIS ORDER IN.
I'M SO SORRY BUT IT LOOKS LIKE
I'LL BE HERE ALL NIGHT.
( sighing ):
WHAT, DO YOU...
HOW ABOUT I COME UP THERE?
NO, NO, NO, NO. HONEY PLEASE.
I'VE GOT... I JUST HAVE
TOO MUCH TO DEAL WITH.
ANYWAY, I'M GOING OUT
WITH SERGEI AGAIN TONIGHT.
COULD YOU BE
THE TRANSLATOR'S DATE
SO THAT WHEN WE--
YOU KNOW, IT'S TIME
FOR OUR ALONE TIME--
YOU TWO CAN SPLIT OFF?
YOU KNOW, HE'S RE...
HE'S KIND OF CUTE.
LIKE REALLY "KIND OF CUTE,"
OR "KIND OF CUTE"
LIKE YOUR FRIEND
"SPACKLE-BACK" LARRY?
HEY, DON'T CALL HIM THAT.
HIS NAME IS
SPACKLE-BACK HARRY.
MAYBE WE SHOULD GET GOING.
WHAT TIME DID CHLOE SAY
WE SHOULD GET THERE?
UH, 10:30.
WHAT TIME IS IT NOW?
4:30.
YEAH, ALL RIGHT,
SO WE'LL HANG OUT.
YEAH.
HEY, REMEMBER WHEN SHE
BROUGHT UP THAT THING ABOUT--
YOU KNOW, THE THREE OF US?
YES. VIVIDLY.
SHE WAS KIDDING ABOUT THAT,
RIGHT?
YEAH, I THINK SO.
GOD, IT WOULD BE WEIRD
IF THAT SITUATION
PRESENTED ITSELF TONIGHT, HUH?
OH, YEAH.
YEAH, I MEAN, UH...
WHAT-WHAT WOULD WE DO?
( chuckling ):
DUDE, I DON'T KNOW.
SHE WAS KIDDING.
YEAH.
SHE WAS...
JUST IN CASE
MAYBE WE SHOULD
COME UP
WITH A SET
OF GROUND RULES.
YEAH, FOR SURE.
OKAY. PROBABLY WANT
THE FIRST ONE TO BE:
"NEVER OPEN YOUR EYES."
YOU KNOW?
BECAUSE YOU DON'T WANT
TO BE DOING SOMETHING
AND THEN LOOK UP, RIGHT?
AND SEE SOMETHING YOU DON'T WANT
TO BE SEEING, YOU KNOW?
YEAH. GOOD CALL.
NICE...
HOLD IT. HOLD IT.
WHAT IF MY EYES
ARE CLOSED, AND...
AND MY HAND IS OUT THERE...
AH! OKAY. EYES OPEN
AT ALL TIMES.
OH, HEY. HOW DO WE DECIDE
WHERE WE, YOU KNOW, EACH WOULD
YOU KNOW...
BE?
RIGHT. RIGHT.
WELL, I, UH,
WE COULD FLIP FOR IT.
YEAH, I GUESS, BUT, LIKE,
WHAT'S HEADS AND WHAT'S TAILS?
WELL, IF YOU DON'T KNOW THAT
THEN I DON'T WANT
TO DO THIS WITH YOU.
NO, NO, NO. NO.
I AM LOOKING
AT A PURCHASE ORDER
AND IT CLEARLY STATES
THAT WE ORDERED
THE RIVIERA BIKINI
IN A VARIETY
OF SIZES AND COLORS, AND...
WHAT DOES IT MATTER
WHAT I'M WEARING?
COULD I PLEASE SPEAK
TO YOUR SUPERVISOR?
THANK YOU. WE'RE HOLDING.
HI.
OH! OH, MY GOD.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
YOU SAID YOU COULDN'T
GO OUT SO...
YOU BROUGHT
A PICNIC.
OH. WHAT A BOYFRIEND.
THAT'S IT. ON MONDAY
I START WEARING MAKEUP.
ROSS, HONEY, THIS IS VERY NICE,
BUT I-I'VE GOT A CRISIS.
YEAH, BUT I'VE GOT COUSCOUS.
HONEY...
HONEY, I'M SORRY.
I KNOW IT'S OUR ANNIVERSARY
BUT I TOLD YOU ON THE PHONE,
I DON'T HAVE TIME TO STOP.
OKAY, YOU DON'T HAVE TO STOP.
I'M INVISIBLE.
I'M NOT HERE.
YEAH, BUT, I DON'T...
WHO APPROVED
THAT ORDER?
WELL, THERE IS
NO MARK ROBINSON
IN THIS OFFICE.
GET ME MARK
ON THE PHONE.
OH, I LOVE MARK.
DO YOU KNOW MARK?
YEAH.
LET ME JUST CHECK THAT
WITH WHAT I'VE GOT HERE.
038 IS NOT THE NUMBER
FOR THIS STORE.
038 IS ATLANTA, AND I...
( grinding )
( laughs )
PEPPER?
NONE FOR ME.
OKAY, SORRY POUR VOUS.
I'M SORRY. AS I WAS SAYING,
THE STORE NUMBER IS WRONG
AND I'M SORRY, BUT THAT IS...
OH, MY GOD. ROSS!
GEEZ. OH, MY...
GOD.
OKAY, IT'S FINE,
IT'S FINE.
WHOA, YEAH. OH, YEAH.
I'M SORRY. I'M GOING
TO HAVE TO CALL YOU BACK.
I'VE GOT SHEMP
IN MY OFFICE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M SORRY, BUT, UM...
HEY, WHOA, SOMEBODY'S
OFF THE PHONE.
HOW ABOUT A GLASS
OF WINE BY THE FIRE?
I CAN GET IT GOING
AGAIN IF YOU...
ROSS, YOU'RE NOT
LISTENING TO ME.
I DON'T HAVE TIME
TO STOP.
COME ON, RACH.
YOU DON'T HAVE, WHAT,
TEN MINUTES?
SOPHIE, DOES SHE HAVE
HEY, ROSS,
I TOLD YOU, I DON'T.
DON'T YELL. THIS IS THE MOST
I'VE SEEN YOU ALL WEEK.
LOOK, I CANNOT DO THIS
RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
I HAVE GOT A DEADLINE.
WOULD YOU JUST GO HOME?
I'LL TALK TO YOU LATER.
YEAH, BUT WHY...
GOOD-BYE.
UH, ACTUALLY
THAT'S OUR THREE-HOLE PUNCH.
HEY.
HI.
LOOK, UM, ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED
EARLIER...
UH, WELL, I...
I COMPLETELY UNDERSTAND.
YOU WERE... YOU WERE STRESSED.
I WAS GOING TO GIVE YOU
A CHANCE TO APOLOGIZE TO ME.
FOR WHAT? FOR LETTING YOU
THROW ME OUT OF YOUR OFFICE?
YOU HAD NO RIGHT COMING DOWN
TO MY OFFICE, ROSS.
YOU DO NOT BRING A PICNIC BASKET
TO SOMEBODY'S WORK
UNLESS MAYBE THEY WERE
A PARK RANGER.
YEAH, WELL, EXCUSE ME
FOR WANTING
TO BE WITH MY GIRLFRIEND
ON OUR ANNIVERSARY.
BOY, WHAT AN ASS AM I.
BUT I TOLD YOU
I DIDN'T HAVE THE TIME.
YOU NEVER HAVE THE TIME.
I DON'T FEEL LIKE
I EVEN HAVE A GIRLFRIEND
ANYMORE, RACHEL.
ROSS, WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?
YOU WANT ME TO QUIT MY JOB
SO YOU CAN FEEL LIKE
YOU HAVE A GIRLFRIEND?
NO, BUT IT WOULD
BE NICE
IF YOU'D REALIZE THAT
IT'S JUST A JOB.
JUST... A JOB?
YES.
DO YOU REALIZE
THAT I'M DOING SOMETHING
I ACTUALLY CARE ABOUT?
THIS IS THE FIRST TIME
IN MY LIFE
I'M DOING SOMETHING
THAT I'M ACTUALLY GOOD AT.
IF YOU DON'T GET THAT...
NO, HEY, I GET THAT BIG TIME
AND I'M HAPPY FOR YOU,
BUT I'M TIRED OF HAVING
A RELATIONSHIP WITH YOUR
ANSWERING MACHINE, OKAY?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
TO DO ANYMORE.
WELL, NEITHER DO I.
IS THIS ABOUT MARK?
HUH... OH, MY GOD.
OKAY, IT'S NOT.
OH, MY GOD.
I CANNOT KEEP HAVING
THIS SAME FIGHT OVER
AND OVER AGAIN, ROSS.
NO. YOU'RE MAKING THIS TOO HARD.
I'M MAKING THIS TOO HARD?
WHAT SHOULD I DO?
I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T KNOW.
LOOK, MAYBE WE SHOULD JUST
TAKE A BREAK.
OKAY, OKAY, FINE. YOU'RE RIGHT.
LET'S, UH, LET'S TAKE A BREAK.
LET'S COOL OFF, OKAY?
LET'S GET SOME FROZEN YOGURT
OR SOMETHING.
NO.
( sighs )
A BREAK FROM US.
...AND THE ADVANCES IN COLLATING
IN THE PAST FIVE YEARS-- PHEW.
I MEAN, WE JUST GOT IN
AN X-5000, YOU KNOW?
THE X-5000 MAKES AN X-50
LOOK LIKE A T-71.
OH!
HEY, IT'S THE DINOSAUR GUY.
HI, ROSS.
OH, HI, CHLOE.
I WANT YOU TO MEET
SOME FRIENDS OF MINE.
THIS GUY'S MY HERO.
HE COMES IN WITH SOME STUFF,
WANTS IT BLOWN UP 400%.
WE SAY, "WE DON'T DO THAT."
HE SAYS, "YOU GOT TO,"
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE DID IT--
AND NOW
ANY TIME ANYBODY WANTS 400,
WE JUST SAY, "LET'S ROSS IT."
AND THAT'S THE ONLY
COLOR THAT COMES IN.
YO, CHLOE, DO YOU
HAVE A QUARTER
FOR THE CONDOM MACHINE?
( grunts )
SO WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
I THOUGHT TONIGHT WAS
YOUR BIG ANNIVERSARY DINNER.
YEAH, A LITTLE CHANGE
OF PLANS.
UH, WE'RE GOING
TO BREAK UP INSTEAD.
CAN I GET A...?
OH, AND I CAN ALSO
SPEAK A LITTLE FRENCH.
VOULEZ VOUS COUCHEZ
AVEC MOI, CE SOIR?
WHY? WHAT DID I SAY?
WELL, YOU JUST ASKED
IF I WANTED TO GO TO
BED WITH YOU TONIGHT.
OH, MY GOD.
NO WONDER I GET
SUCH GREAT SERVICE
AT CAFE MAURICE.
( laughs )
KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK,
KNOCK, KNOCK. HI.
UM, COULD YOU PLEASE
TELL SERGEI THAT, UM...
I WAS FASCINATED BY WHAT
BOUTROS BOUTROS-GHALI SAID
IN THE NEW YORK TIMES?
( clears throat )
( speaking foreign language )
YOU DIDN'T SAY
"BOUTROS-BOUTROS GHALI."
BOUTROS-BOUTROS GHALI.
( speaks foreign language )
HE SAYS HE WAS, TOO.
INTERESTING.
UH, SO, I WAS
WONDERING...
OKAY, HEY,
BEFORE YOU GET
ALL TALKY AGAIN
COULD YOU ALSO PLEASE
TELL SERGEI THAT...
I REALLY LIKE HIS SUIT.
UH, HE SAID THANK
YOU VERY MUCH.
HE THINKS YOU LOOK
VERY PRETTY TONIGHT.
YOUR HAIR GOLDEN
LIKE THE SUN.
SO, YOU'RE A CHEF?
MM-HMM.
I'M ALSO THINKING
OF OPENING UP
MY OWN RESTAURANT.
OH, REALLY?
MONICA, COULD
I TALK TO YOU
BEHIND MY
MENU, PLEASE?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WELL, I WAS HAVING
A CONVERSATION.
BUT MISCHA IS
SO INTERESTED IN YOU
SERGEI AND I HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE
TO SAY TWO WORDS TO EACH OTHER.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO SIT HERE SILENTLY
WHILE YOU THREE
HAVE A CONVERSATION?
THAT WOULD BE GREAT.
THANK YOU.
( phone rings )
HELLO?
OH, HI.
IT'S MARK.
OH.
What?
IS IT MY BREATH?
NO. SORRY. I JUST THOUGHT YOU
WERE SOMEBODY ELSE. HI.
HI. LOOK, I WAS JUST GOING
TO LEAVE A MESSAGE.
ISN'T TONIGHT
YOUR BIG ANNIVERSARY DINNER?
WELL...
WELL, UM...
RACH, ARE YOU OKAY?
YEAH. I'M FINE.
You want to talk?
I can come over.
NO. REALLY, NO.
PLEASE.
THAT'S-THAT'S OKAY.
I'M COMING OVER
AND BRINGING CHINESE FOOD.
OH, I'M NOT HUNGRY.
It's for me.
OH.
Okay.
OKAY. BYE.
WELL, SO WHAT ARE
YOU GOING TO DO?
WHAT CAN I DO?
ONE PERSON WANTS TO BREAK UP,
YOU BREAK UP.
HEY, NO WAY.
THIS IS YOU GUYS.
CALL HER
AND WORK IT OUT.
COME ON.
WE JUST HAD
THIS HUGE FIGHT.
DON'T I HAVE
TO WAIT A WHILE?
HEY, THIS ISN'T LIKE SWIMMING
AFTER YOU EAT.
PICK UP THE PHONE.
THAT WHOLE SWIMMING THING
IS A MYTH.
YEAH, TELL THAT
TO MY UNCLE LENNY.
WHY, WHAT HAPPENED
TO HIM?
NOTHING. HE JUST REALLY
BELIEVES IN THAT.
OH, AND THEN
WE GOT INTO
THIS BIG,
STUPID FIGHT
AND I JUST...
IT WAS AWFUL.
I TOLD HIM HE TREATS ME
LIKE A PARK RANGER
OR SOMETHING...
OH...
AND THEN...
I TOLD HIM
I WANTED TO TAKE A BREAK.
I DON'T WANT TO TAKE A BREAK.
OH, I'M SORRY.
( sighs )
EGG ROLL?
NO.
AND THEN I CALLED HIM
AND HE WASN'T THERE.
WELL, HE'S PROBABLY JUST OUT.
OH, THANK YOU.
THAT'S VERY HELPFUL.
I'M GLAD YOU CAME OVER.
( phone rings )
HELLO.
HI, IT'S ME.
HI.
OH, I'M SO GLAD YOU CALLED.
Really?
I'VE BEEN THINKING
THIS IS CRAZY.
DON'T YOU THINK
WE CAN WORK ON THIS?
HEY, WHAT DO YOU
WANT TO DRINK?
WHO'S THAT?
NOBODY.
IS IT OKAY IF I FINISH
THE APPLE
JUICE?
IS THAT MARK?
OH, HONEY, LOOK,
HE JUST CAME OVER...
YEAH, GOT IT.
HEY, DINOSAUR GUY...
LOOK AT YOU SO SAD.
COME DANCE.
OH, THAT'S OKAY, THANKS.
HEY...
YOU DON'T
HAVE TO SMILE.
YOU JUST
HAVE TO DANCE.
I DON'T FEEL LIKE DANCING.
I FEEL LIKE HAVING
A DRINK.
OH, OKAY.
HEY, TWO BEERS.
AND THE VET
SAID IT WAS TIME
AND SO, FROM HALF
A WORLD AWAY
WHILE MY MOTHER
HELD THE PHONE
TO HIS EAR
I SAID GOOD-BYE
TO MY DOG...
IN SEVEN LANGUAGES.
COULD I HAVE A TISSUE?
OH, YEAH, SURE.
I JUST HOPE
YOU DON'T ACCIDENTALLY
SUCK IT UP
THROUGH YOUR NOSE
AND CHOKE ON IT.
( speaking foreign language )
SERGEI WOULD LIKE
TO APOLOGIZE
FOR MY BEHAVIOR TONIGHT.
WELL, TELL HIM
APOLOGY ACCEPTED.
OH, HE'S
UNBELIEVABLE
I MEAN, FOR THE FIRST
TIME IN THREE YEARS
SOMEONE ACTUALLY
WANTS TO TALK TO ME
BUT DO YOU THINK HE WOULD
LET ME ENJOY THAT? NO.
YOU SILLY DIPLOMAT.
WHY DON'T YOU LEARN
SOME ENGLISH, SERGEI?
EXCUSE ME, BUT, UM
ISN'T HE PAYING
FOR YOUR DINNER?
HEY, THE MAN'S DOG JUST DIED.
( speaks foreign language )
( both arguing )
( shouting )
I HAVE JUST RESIGNED MY POST.
WOULD YOU CARE TO ACCOMPANY ME
TO THE RAINBOW ROOM?
I HAVE DIPLOMATIC COUPONS.
WELL, IT WILL BE MY PLEASURE.
MY GUY HAS COUPONS.
YOUR GUY CAN'T EVEN
SAY "COUPONS."
UH...
PLATE.
PLATE, YES!
PLATE!
PLATE.
SEE? WE DON'T NEED THEM.
PLATE?
YEAH.
( dance music playing )
I LIKE THIS SONG.
WELL, YOU'RE PRACTICALLY
DANCING ALREADY.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST
DO IT OVER HERE?
OH, NO.
WHAT, ARE YOU MARRIED?
( nervous chuckle )
'CAUSE THAT'S OKAY.
OH, BE HOME, BE HOME, BE HOME,
BE HOME, BE HOME, BE HOME.
( sighs )
YOU'RE NOT HOME.
STILL NO SMILE?
( singing "American Pie"
in foreign language )
♪ MISS AMERICAN PIE... ♪
UH... AMERI-GHEN.
AMERI-CANE.
AMERI-GHEN.
YOU KNOW, IT'S
A VERY HARD LANGUAGE.
SLOWER...
LET'S DO IT AGAIN.
♪ TUCHI, TUCHI,
MISS AMERI-GHEN PIE ♪
( shouting )
♪ TUCHI, TUCHI, MISS AMERICAN
BUCHI... ♪
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]